Add NumPy 2.x CI for Linux (#8565)
cupy/cupy: docs/source/install.rst

> NumPy/SciPy-compatible API in CuPy v14 is based on NumPy 2.0 and SciPy 1.13, and has been tested against the following versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NumPy/SciPy-compatible API in CuPy v14 is based on NumPy 2.1 and SciPy 1.14, and has been tested against the following versions:
```
